Billing

Digital Ocean Billing
1. Login to https://www.digitalocean.com/
2. Click on the gear shaped button in the top left and go to "Settings"
3. You can manage your billing info here. Please remember that a credit card must be added to the account at all times; otherwise the server will shut down almost immediatley.

Namecheap Billing
1. Login to https://www.namecheap.com/
2. Hover over "yorktownfire" in the top left corner and navigate to "Dashboard"
3. Once you are in the dashboard, click on "Profile" on the left.
4. You can manage your personal information here.
5. Click on the "Billing" tab on the left.
6. You can manage your payments here.
7. Navigate to "Domain List" on the left.
8. You can view the expiration date of your domain here. Make sure to renew it before the date!

Access Server Console:
1. Go to http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/download.html
2. Download putty.exe and run it.
3. Copy our server's IP address into the "Host Name (or IP address)" field. (Our IP is 162.243.8.101)
4. Make sure it is set to "Port 22" and "SSH connection". (These are the defaults.)
5. Press "Open" at the bottom of the screen. A black console window should pop up that reads "login as:"
6. Type "root" and then push enter. The text "root@162.243.8.101 's password:" should appear.
7. Enter the password. 
   *IMPORTANT* 
   The cursor will not respond. Even though it is working, you will have no visual feedback. 
   Don't worry. It is not broken. This is just a security feature so people watching will not be able to count the number of characters in a password.
8. After the password is fully entered, press enter.
9. If you see the text "Access denied" or similar text, try a few more times. The lack of visual feedback makes it easy to make a mistake.
10. Still not working? Try logging in to digital ocean's console.
11. Sign in to https://www.digitalocean.com/ and navigate to the "Droplets" tab at the top of the screen.
12. Click on our server: "ubuntu-512mb-nyc2-firescheduler"
13. On the left there should be an "Access" tab. Click there.
14. Click on the large blue button "Console Access"
15. A window should pop up giving you root access to the console.
16. If you are still unable to gain access to the system, contact your system administrator.

Copying and Pasting using Putty
1. To copy, left click and drag. When you release the cursor, the text will automatically be copied to your clipboard.
2. To paste, right click. The content on your clipboard will be pasted at the selected location.
3. Notes:
    You can copy text from putty and paste it outside of putty.
    You can copy text outside of putty and paste it into putty.
    You can copy text from putty and paste it into putty.
4. If you need to copy an entire file named fileName, try typing "cat fileName" and copying the output instead of opening it in an editor.
5. Copy paste; easy as pie!

Accessing the SQL database from the server
1. Coming soon!

Access the website from the server
1. The website files are located in the directory /var/www/html. To get here type "cd /var/www/html"
2. Coming soon!

Navigate to Php.ini on the server
1. Coming soon!

Mailing on the server
1. Coming soon!


